Game/README.md, before:

# The Legend of the Turtle: Turtle Run

### [Video Demonstration Link](https://youtu.be/1c4n1rBoDzk)

### Game Developers

- Matin Keivanloo 
- Regan Li 
- Ana Premovic 
- Zhaoyue Yuan

### Instructions To Test And Run Game

to test and build, run these commands:  
```mvn clean```  
```mvn package```  
  
now the JAR file, named ```Game-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar```, will be in the folder ```target```  
to run the game, run this command:  
```java -jar target/Game-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar```  

### Royalty Free/Public Domain Game Assets - Artist Credits

- Carrot: "Graphics Pixel art Illustration, carrot, game, orange png" artist unknown
https://www.pngegg.com/en/png-eqwjv
- Mystical Ocean Fruit: "Wild Plants || Pixel Asset Pack" by Pop Shop Packs
https://pop-shop-packs.itch.io/wild-plants-pixel-asset-pack?download
- Cave Background Tile: "Top Down Cave Floor Tiles" by The Game Smith
https://smallmak.itch.io/top-down-cave-floor-tiles
- Lava Tile: "16x16 and animated lava tile (45 frames)" by davesch
https://opengameart.org/content/16x16-and-animated-lava-tile-45-frames
- Ocean Tile: "Fresh Water Tiles and Music" by RAPIDPUNCHES
https://rapidpunches.itch.io/freshwater
- Outside Barrier & Inside Barrier: "FREE ROCKS AND STONES TOP-DOWN PIXEL ART" artist unknown
https://craftpix.net/freebies/free-rocks-and-stones-top-down-pixel-art/
- Snake: "GIANT SNAKE" by Baŝto
https://opengameart.org/content/giant-snake
- Turtle: "Turtle Sprite" by Kisara
https://www.pixilart.com/art/turtle-sprite-7e869bb807aa2f0

Commit message:

Update readme jar + javadoc instructions

Game/README.md, after:

# The Legend of the Turtle: Turtle Run

### [Video Demonstration Link](https://youtu.be/1c4n1rBoDzk)

### Game Developers

- Matin Keivanloo 
- Regan Li 
- Ana Premovic 
- Zhaoyue Yuan

### Instructions To Test And Run Game

To test and build, run in terminal:  
```mvn clean```  
```mvn package```  
  
As the tests are running, several screens may pop up.  
If the Starting Menu pops up, make sure to click "Start Game" (this screen may pop up several times).  
If the Game Over Menu pops up, make sure to click "Exit Game" (this screen should only pop up once).  
If the Winning Menu pops up, you can safely ignore it.  
  
Now the JAR file, named ```Game-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar```, will be in the folder ```target```.  
To run the game, run in terminal:  
```java -jar target/Game-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar```  

### Instructions To Generate JavaDoc

To generate the JavaDoc, run in terminal:  
```mvn clean```  
```mvn javadoc:javadoc```  
  
To view the JavaDoc, navigate to the file ```target/site/apidocs/index.html```  
Right-click the ```index.html``` file, navigate to Open In Browser, and open it.
  
### Royalty Free/Public Domain Game Assets - Artist Credits

- Carrot: "Graphics Pixel art Illustration, carrot, game, orange png" artist unknown
https://www.pngegg.com/en/png-eqwjv
- Mystical Ocean Fruit: "Wild Plants || Pixel Asset Pack" by Pop Shop Packs
https://pop-shop-packs.itch.io/wild-plants-pixel-asset-pack?download
- Cave Background Tile: "Top Down Cave Floor Tiles" by The Game Smith
https://smallmak.itch.io/top-down-cave-floor-tiles
- Lava Tile: "16x16 and animated lava tile (45 frames)" by davesch
https://opengameart.org/content/16x16-and-animated-lava-tile-45-frames
- Ocean Tile: "Fresh Water Tiles and Music" by RAPIDPUNCHES
https://rapidpunches.itch.io/freshwater
- Outside Barrier & Inside Barrier: "FREE ROCKS AND STONES TOP-DOWN PIXEL ART" artist unknown
https://craftpix.net/freebies/free-rocks-and-stones-top-down-pixel-art/
- Snake: "GIANT SNAKE" by Baŝto
https://opengameart.org/content/giant-snake
- Turtle: "Turtle Sprite" by Kisara
https://www.pixilart.com/art/turtle-sprite-7e869bb807aa2f0
